[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
In response, Doflamingo trapped
the kingdom inside a barrier
and challenged all
present to a game.
As the Straw Hats do battle with
the fierce fighters of
the Don Quixote Family,
Luffy and Law rush
to the royal palace
to take down Doflamingo himself.
[FUJITORA]
Gravity Blade!
Raging Tiger!
[SABO]
You were holding back!
[SABO] The problem is
I still don't know why.
[FUJITORA] You might say this is
an all-or-nothing gamble for me.
And the stakes are
as big as they get.
I'm laying my life on
the line for this one.
[REBECCA]
Father must be out there
fighting right now. Somewhere.
[DIAMANTE groans]
[REBECCA gasps]
Didn't think you'd make it.
Rebecca!
It's a straight shot to the top!
You ready, Traffy?
[LAW]
Just go!
[LUFFY gasps]
I'm going ahead! [grunts]
Hey, wait a sec!
Luffy, watch out!
[BARTOLOMEO]
Leave this to me!
Damn it, Bartolomeo!
[coughs]
[BARTOLOMEO] If it helps
Mister Luffy, even a little...
Then I'm happy to die,
right here and now!
[ROBIN] I know how you feel.
I'm with you, Rooster.
[ROBIN] Our captain
is something special.
[ROBIN] I'd risk anything
for him. Even my life.
[LUFFY READS ALOUD]
Let's hurry!
I gotta get there fast
or Soldier's gonna
kick Mingo's ass before me!
Yo, Straw Hat!
Something wrong?
It still wants to brawl!
Stop wasting your energy!
[LAW] We're almost there!
Just shake it off!
Yeah!
[clanking]
[gasps]
[DIAMANTE chuckles]
[DIAMANTE grunts]
[gasps]
What're you doing here,
little lady?
[DIAMANTE] Don't tell me
you really think
you have what it
takes to kill Doffy!
Even you're not that foolish.
What were you thinking,
recklessly entering
the tournament
and challenging me
with that blunt sword?
Hasn't your family
been disgraced enough?
Guess I'll have to
spell it out for you.
You stand no chance
against Doffy!
[DIAMANTE]
Could it be...
[REBECCA gasps]
[DIAMANTE] You're here
seeking revenge against me?
[gasps]
Maybe you remember the day
I shot your mother, girl?
[DIAMANTE]
Hmm?
That's a good look on you.
I... I couldn't save her.
[DIAMANTE laughs]
Well, now!
Is that a challenge?
C'mon, let's go!
[DIAMANTE laughs]
[LUFFY]
Listen to me, Rebecca.
I can promise you one thing.
I'm gonna give Doflamingo
the beating of his life!
[gasps]
[laughing]
--[DIAMANTE laughs]
--[footsteps]
Huh?!
[DIAMANTE]
Huh?
[DIAMANTE laughing]
[DIAMANTE]
This is deplorable, Rebecca.
You coward!
Why do you keep running?
You're a fighter, aren't you?
Sorry, I mean "gladiator"!
I thought you were
coming here to kill me!
[REBECCA] I know I don't stand
a chance against Diamante.
[REBECCA] I'm here to
accomplish only one thing.
And that's to hand
this key over to Lucy!
[sighs, chuckles]
[DIAMANTE] We put on
some good entertainment
back at the coliseum, didn't we?
[DIAMANTE] But if you
won't fight me properly,
it's time I dispose of you.
[grunts]
[REBECCA screams]
[panting]
Well, you have
nowhere to run now.
Hmm. I know.
Let's make this
a little more poetic.
[DIAMANTE]
Rebecca. Wasn't your mother...
...also shot with a gun?
[gasps]
[REBECCA]
Please!
Help me, Soldier!
Rebecca!
--[KYROS grunts]
--[DIAMANTE screams]
What? It can't be!
[DIAMANTE]
Kyros?!
Keep your hands off her!
You have taken enough from me!
[REBECCA]
This statue before you.
This man was a legend.
He was the greatest gladiator
in the whole history of
the Corrida Colosseum.
[KYROS] I regret I couldn't
save your mother's life.
But I will devote mine to
protect yours whatever the cost!
You'll learn to defend yourself.
My mother told me I should never
hurt others no matter what!
But you must protect yourself
from those who would hurt you.
I'm nothing but a toy.
Beaten by the wind and rain.
My body rusts.
I don't know how long
I can continue!
Become strong!
Rebecca!
[REBECCA]
Father.
[KYROS]
Please forgive me, Rebecca.
[REBECCA gasps]
[KYROS] As a mere toy
without a future,
the only thing I could do was
teach you to how to fight.
I know it was hard on you.
You're a gentle soul,
just like your mother.
[KYROS]
But you need no longer suffer.
Now, I'll fight for you.
[DIAMANTE groans]
Is that so?
You want to elaborate
on that, Kyros?
[KYROS]
I won't just stand by.
I'll make you pay
for your treachery!
[DIAMANTE gasps]
You sure you wanna do that?
Lashing out against me
will be the death of you!
[BOTH grunt]
[yells]
I'll kill you!
[BOTH grunting]
[LUFFY]
Rebecca!
Lucy?
[gasps] Lucy! You made it!
[LUFFY]
Rebecca!
[gasps]
[LUFFY]
The key!
[REBECCA]
Lucy! You're safe!
Thank goodness.
[gasps]
[LUFFY grunts]
The key! Give it to me!
It's right here!
[LAW]
Go! Now!
Rebecca!
[gasps]
[REBECCA gasps]
[LAW]
Room!
[panting]
[grunts] Get back here!
[KYROS]
Huh? They've arrived.
We made it, finally!
I'm free, finally!
[LUFFY] So, this is the fourth
level, where Mingo's hiding.
Let's tear this place apart.
[LAW]
Yeah.
[DIAMANTE]
Law! Straw Hat!
It's Diamante!
[DIAMANTE yells]
[LUFFY, LAW gasp]
[KYROS]
You two go ahead without me.
I've got a score
to settle with him.
Kill that bastard in my stead!
[BOTH]
Leave it to me!
[LUFFY] We're counting on you
to whoop this guy good, Soldier!
[KYROS]
Understood!
[LAW]
Straw Hat. Let's go.
[LUFFY]
Yeah!
[gasps]
[LUFFY]
Hey, Rebecca.
I bet you're stoked
to see your dad, huh?
Hey, thanks for the key. See ya!
[REBECCA]
Wait a second!
Can I trust you
to stop Doflamingo?
Will you stop him?
Promise me, Lucy!
I'm not Lucy.
[REBECCA gasps]
I'm Luffy! I'll be King
of the Pirates one day!
[ALL gasp]
[LUFFY]
So, there's no need to worry!
What a load of nonsense!
[KYROS] I am your only opponent,
so turn and face me!
[grunts]
You're getting in my way!
Bastards! Pissing me off!
You got a lot of nerve!
I won't let you idiots
make your way to Doffy!
[DIAMANTE]
You tremendous pain in the ass!
And you! You traitorous brat!
[LAW]
Wait! Room!
Shambles!
[DIAMANTE screams]
Dammit, Law!
[LUFFY]
Upsie daisy!
So this the place, huh?
[LAW]
Yeah. Sure took long enough.
Wow, your ability's
pretty handy, huh?
[LAW] It is, but it also
takes a toll on my stamina.
I suppose on the bright side,
between the Sea
Prism Stone cuffs
and you carrying my ass
all the way over here,
I conserved enough
strength to pull it off.
Scalpel.
[LUFFY gasps]
What's wrong?
Take a look.
[LAW] He used lead
bullets on purpose.
Twisted jerk!
[LUFFY]
Hey, you okay?
[LAW]
Don't worry about me.
Fine then.
Welp! Time to deliver
that ass kicking! Let's go!
[LAW]
Wait!
What, Traffy?
[LAW] Doflamingo isn't
someone you can pummel
with your sheer will alone.
You need to keep a level head.
What? There's no way
I'm cooling off!
I'm totally fired up!
I'm telling you, if you
don't take my advice,
you're gonna be
in for a bad time.
[LUFFY]
Stop bossing me around!
I promised Rebecca
I'd take care of him,
so butt-out and let me
handle it my way!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A]
Uhh, reporting in.
I have eyes on
Straw Hat and Law!
They're near the pool courtyard.
[SUGAR]
Roger that.
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL A]
Cuh-lick.
[SUGAR]
Ten years, wasted.
I spent a decade of my life
increasing their numbers
little by little.
[SUGAR] Thousands of
toy slaves at our disposal.
But that imbecile
destroyed years of my
hard work in an instant.
Hurry it up, Kanjuro!
We are in a crunch here!
[KANJURO] Stay calm!
It's near completion!
[SUGAR]
Revenge won't take long.
Just a brush of my hand and pow!
Farewell, Straw Hat.
In that split second,
it'll be as though
you never existed.
Everyone will forget you,
you trash.
[NARRATOR]
Sugar approaches Luffy and Law
with vengeance in her eyes.
Usopp, realizing the
severity of the situation,
takes action to protect
his unsuspecting allies.
Taking aim at Sugar
from a distance,
he places faith
in the impossible.
The fate of Luffy and Law
falls on his sniping skills!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"One Shot One Kill!
The Man Who
Will Save Dressrosa!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!